# New Relic Video Agent for iOS & tvOS


The New Relic Video Agent for iOS & tvOS contains multiple modules necessary to instrument video players and send data to New Relic.

## Modules

There are two modules available:

### NewRelicVideoCore

Contains all the base classes necessary to create trackers and send data to New Relic. It depends on the New Relic Agent.

### NRAVPlayerTracker

The video tracker for AVPlayer player. It depends on NewRelicVideoCore.

### NRIMATracker

The video tracker for Google IMA Ads library. It depends on NewRelicVideoCore.

## Build & Setup

### Install automatically using Cocoapods

Add the following lines to your Podfile:

```
  pod 'NewRelicVideoCore', :git => 'https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-iOS'
  pod 'NRAVPlayerTracker', :git => 'https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-iOS'
  pod 'NRIMATracker', :git => 'https://github.com/newrelic/video-agent-iOS'
```

### Install manually

First install the [New Relic iOS Agent](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/installation/ios-manual-installation).

1. Clone this repo.
2. Open each one of the .xcodeproj files with Xcode.
3. Select the appropiate scheme.
4. Build (cmd+B).
5. Include the generated .framework in your project.

## Documentation

To generate source code documentation, you can use [appledoc](https://github.com/tomaz/appledoc) as follows:

```bash
appledoc --project-name NewRelicVideoAgent --project-company "New Relic Inc." --company-id com.newrelic --create-html --no-create-docset --output ./docs NewRelicVideoCore/NewRelicVideoCore/**/*.h
```

And then open `docs/html/index.html` with your prefered browser.

The source code annotations are compatible with Doxygen, so you would rather use it if you prefer.

For more detail on the Events and Data Model generated by Video Agent for Android and for advanced concepts such as creating custom trackers, reference the [Advanced Topics](advanced.md) manual.

## Examples

The `Examples` folder contains all the usage examples.
